readme updates (#14224)
netdata/netdata: README.md

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/95269366-1b814680-07ee-11eb-8ff4-c1b0b8758499.png" alt="---" style="max-width: 100%;" />

> Netdata's **distributed, real-time monitoring Agent** collects thousands of metrics from systems, hardware, containers,

Author: kinda like the "thousands of metrics" phrase as is a bit of a differentiator tbh then just basic standard metrics from some other agents.

> Netdata is distributed, real-time, performance and health monitoring platform for systems, hardware, containers and applications with zero configuration needed. It runs permanently on all your physical/virtual servers, containers, cloud deployments, and edge/IoT devices, and is perfectly safe to install on your systems mid-incident without any preparation.

Author: ```suggestion
Netdata is a distributed, real-time, performance and health monitoring platform for systems, hardware, containers and applications with zero configuration needed. It runs permanently on all your physical/virtual servers, containers, cloud deployments, and edge/IoT devices, and is perfectly safe to install on your systems mid-incident without any preparation.
```

> Netdata is a distributed, real-time, performance and health monitoring platform for systems, hardware, containers and applications with zero configuration needed. It runs permanently on all your physical/virtual servers, containers, cloud deployments, and edge/IoT devices, and is perfectly safe to install on your systems mid-incident without any preparation.

Author: ```suggestion
Netdata is a distributed, real-time, performance and health monitoring platform for systems, hardware, containers and applications, collecting thousands of useful metrics with zero configuration needed. It runs permanently on all your physical/virtual servers, containers, cloud deployments, and edge/IoT devices, and is perfectly safe to install on your systems mid-incident without any preparation.
```

Netdata [Agent](https://github.com/netdata/netdata) is an enormously powerful, **Open-Sourced**, **Single Node** health monitoring and performance troubleshooting tool.

> It provides you an ability to automatically identify processes, collect and store metrics locally and even more - vizualize all metrics without any chart configuration (of course you can tweak it later on if you need).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It gives you the ability to automatically identify processes, collect and store metrics locally and even more - visualize all metrics without any configuration (of course you can tweak it later on if you need).
```

> [Netdata.cloud](https://www.netdata.cloud) is a hosted web interface that gives you **Free**, real-time visibility into your **Entire Infrastructure** with secure access to your Netdata Agents. It provides an ability to automatically route your requests to the most relevant Netdata Agents to get the metric data, based on the stored metadata (Agents topology, what metrics are collected on specific Agents as well as the retention information for each metric). 

Author: ```suggestion
[Netdata Cloud](https://www.netdata.cloud) is a hosted web interface that gives you **Free**, real-time visibility into your **Entire Infrastructure** with secure access to your Netdata Agents. It provides an ability to automatically route your requests to the most relevant Netdata Agents to get the metric data, based on the stored metadata (Agents topology, what metrics are collected on specific Agents as well as the retention information for each metric). 
```

> It gives you some extra features, like [Metric Correlations](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/insights/metric-correlations), [Anomaly Advisor](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/insights/anomaly-advisor) and much more. 

Author: ```suggestion
It gives you some extra features, like [Metric Correlations](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/insights/metric-correlations), [Anomaly Advisor](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/insights/anomaly-advisor) and much more. 

Try it for yourself right now by checking out our Netdata Cloud [demo space](https://app.netdata.cloud/spaces/netdata-demo/rooms/all-nodes/overview) (No sign up or login needed).
```

> It gives you some extra features, like [Metric Correlations](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/insights/metric-correlations), [Anomaly Advisor](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/insights/anomaly-advisor) and much more. 

Reviewer 2: It gives you some extra features to troubleshoot your infrastructure holistically, like [Metric Correlations](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/insights/metric-correlations), [Anomaly Advisor](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/insights/anomaly-advisor), [anomaly rates on every chart](https://blog.netdata.cloud/anomaly-rate-in-every-chart/) and much more.

Author: can you make a commit suggestion as think this is blocking merge

> The Netdata purpose is to help more people troubleshoot ever more complex IT infrastructures, this is why our **free** [community plan](https://www.netdata.cloud/pricing) gives you ability to monitor unlimited number of Nodes, Containers and Metrics (custom or built-in).

Author: ```suggestion
The Netdata mission is to help more people troubleshoot ever more complex IT infrastructures, this is why our **free** [community plan](https://www.netdata.cloud/pricing) gives you ability to monitor unlimited number of Nodes, Containers and Metrics (custom or built-in).
```

> Due to the distributed nature of Netdata, and to ensure high-availability of your monitoring system, please check our [Data Replication](https://www.netdata.cloud/blog/why-is-data-replication-important) recommendations to increase the data availability.

Reviewer 2: Due to the distributed nature of Netdata and to ensure high-availability of your monitoring system, please check our [Data Replication](https://www.netdata.cloud/blog/why-is-data-replication-important) recommendations to increase the data availability.

  <a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/netdata/netdata"><img src="https://registry.my-netdata.io/api/v1/badge.svg?chart=dockerhub.pulls_sum&divide=1000&precision=1&units=k&label=docker+hub+pulls&after=-86400&group=incremental-sum&label=docker%20hub%20pulls%20today&options=unaligned&v44" alt="Docker Hub pulls today"></a>
</p>

### Infrastructure view

> Due to the distributed nature of the Netdata ecosystem, it is recommended to setup not only not one Netdata Agent on your production system, but also an additional Netdata Agent acting as a [Parent](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/streaming). A local Netdata Agent (child), without any database or alarms, collects metrics and sends them to another Netdata Agent (parent). The same parent can collect data for any number of child nodes and serves as a centralized health check engine for each child by triggering alerts on their behalf.

Author: ```suggestion
Due to the distributed nature of the Netdata ecosystem, it is recommended to setup not only one Netdata Agent on your production system, but also an additional Netdata Agent acting as a [Parent](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/streaming). A local Netdata Agent (child), without any database or alarms, collects metrics and sends them to another Netdata Agent (parent). The same parent can collect data for any number of child nodes and serves as a centralized health check engine for each child by triggering alerts on their behalf.
```

![Netdata Cloud](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/423236/205926887-43024984-6d38-46ad-96cb-d0c388117c6d.png)

> Get started by [signing in](https://app.netdata.cloud/?utm_source=website&utm_content=top_navigation_sign_up) to Netdata.cloud and follow the setup guide.

Author: ```suggestion
Get started by [signing in](https://app.netdata.cloud/?utm_source=website&utm_content=top_navigation_sign_up) to Netdata Cloud and follow the setup guide.
```

Reviewer 3: I deliberately put netdata.cloud to promote the website

Reviewer 4: I think we could to like @andrewm4894 suggests, have [Netdata Cloud](https://www.netdata.cloud/)

Reviewer 2: I think Netdata Cloud sounds better too.
